then Miriam and Aaron spoke against
then Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses because of the Ethiopian woman
Moses because of the Ethiopian woman
Moses because of the Ethiopian woman whom he had married for he had married
whom he had married for he had married
whom he had married for he had married an Ethiopian woman has the Lord indeed
an Ethiopian woman has the Lord indeed
an Ethiopian woman has the Lord indeed spoken only through Moses has he not
spoken only through Moses has he not
spoken only through Moses has he not spoken through us also and the Lord
spoken through us also and the Lord
spoken through us also and the Lord heard it now the man Moses was very
heard it now the man Moses was very
heard it now the man Moses was very humble more than all men who were on the
humble more than all men who were on the
humble more than all men who were on the face of the earth suddenly the Lord said
face of the earth suddenly the Lord said
face of the earth suddenly the Lord said to Moses Aaron and Miriam come out you
to Moses Aaron and Miriam come out you
to Moses Aaron and Miriam come out you three to the tabernacle of meeting so
three to the tabernacle of meeting so
three to the tabernacle of meeting so the three came out then the Lord came
the three came out then the Lord came
the three came out then the Lord came down in the pillar of cloud and stood in
down in the pillar of cloud and stood in
down in the pillar of cloud and stood in the door of the tabernacle and called
the door of the tabernacle and called
the door of the tabernacle and called Aaron and Miriam and they both went
Aaron and Miriam and they both went
Aaron and Miriam and they both went forward then he said here now my words
forward then he said here now my words
forward then he said here now my words if there is a prophet among you I the
if there is a prophet among you I the
if there is a prophet among you I the Lord make myself known to him in a
Lord make myself known to him in a
Lord make myself known to him in a vision I speak to him in a dream not so
vision I speak to him in a dream not so
vision I speak to him in a dream not so with my servant Moses he is faithful in
with my servant Moses he is faithful in
with my servant Moses he is faithful in all my house I speak with him face to
all my house I speak with him face to
all my house I speak with him face to face even plainly and not in dark
face even plainly and not in dark
face even plainly and not in dark sayings and he sees the form of the Lord
sayings and he sees the form of the Lord
sayings and he sees the form of the Lord why then were you not afraid to speak
why then were you not afraid to speak
why then were you not afraid to speak against my servant Moses so the anger of
against my servant Moses so the anger of
against my servant Moses so the anger of the Lord was aroused against them and he
the Lord was aroused against them and he
the Lord was aroused against them and he departed
departed
departed when the cloud departing from above the
when the cloud departing from above the
when the cloud departing from above the tabernacle suddenly Miriam became
tabernacle suddenly Miriam became
tabernacle suddenly Miriam became leprous as whitus then Aaron turned
leprous as whitus then Aaron turned
leprous as whitus then Aaron turned toward Miriam and there she was a leper
toward Miriam and there she was a leper
toward Miriam and there she was a leper so Aaron said to Moses of my lord please
so Aaron said to Moses of my lord please
so Aaron said to Moses of my lord please do not lay this sin on us in which we
do not lay this sin on us in which we
do not lay this sin on us in which we have done foolishly and in which we have
have done foolishly and in which we have
have done foolishly and in which we have sinned please do not let her be as one
sinned please do not let her be as one
sinned please do not let her be as one dead whose flashes have consumed when he
dead whose flashes have consumed when he
dead whose flashes have consumed when he comes out of his mother's womb
comes out of his mother's womb
comes out of his mother's womb so Moses cried out to the Lord please
so Moses cried out to the Lord please
so Moses cried out to the Lord please heal her oh god I pray then the Lord
heal her oh god I pray then the Lord
heal her oh god I pray then the Lord said to Moses if her father had but spit
said to Moses if her father had but spit
said to Moses if her father had but spit in her face would she not be shamed
in her face would she not be shamed
in her face would she not be shamed seven days let her be shut out of the
seven days let her be shut out of the
seven days let her be shut out of the camp seven days and afterward she may be
camp seven days and afterward she may be
camp seven days and afterward she may be received again so Miriam was shut out of
received again so Miriam was shut out of
received again so Miriam was shut out of the camps seven days and the people did
the camps seven days and the people did
the camps seven days and the people did not journey till Miriam was brought in
not journey till Miriam was brought in
not journey till Miriam was brought in again and afterward the people moved
again and afterward the people moved
again and afterward the people moved from her 0th and camped in the
from her 0th and camped in the
from her 0th and camped in the wilderness of Paran